{"en":"We have all experienced days when everything goes wrong. ^ ","ch":"我们大家都有过事事不顺心的日子。  "}
{"en":"A day may begin well enough,  but suddenly everything seems to get out of control. ^ ","ch":"一天开始时， 可能还不错， 但突然间似乎一切都失去了控制。  "}
{"en":"What invariably happens is that a great number of things choose to go wrong at precisely the same moment. ^ ","ch":"情况经常是这样的， 许许多多的事情都偏偏赶在同一时刻出问题，  "}
{"en":"It is as if a single unimportant event set up a chain of reactions. ^ ","ch":"好像是一件无关紧要的小事引起了一连串的连锁反应。  "}
{"en":"Let us suppose that you are preparing a meal and keeping an eye on the baby at the same time. ^ ","ch":"假设你在做饭， 同时又在照看孩子。  "}
{"en":"The telephone rings and this marks the prelude to an unforeseen series of catastrophes. ^ ","ch":"这时电话铃响了。 它预示着一连串意想不到的灾难的来临。  "}
{"en":"While you are on the phone,  the baby pulls the tablecloth off the table, ^ ","ch":"就在你接电话时， 孩子把桌布从桌子上扯下来，  "}
{"en":"smashing half your best crockery and cutting himself in the process. ^ ","ch":"将家中最好的陶瓷餐具半数摔碎， 同时也弄伤了他自己。  "}
{"en":"You hang up hurriedly and attend to baby,  crockery,  etc. ^ ","ch":"你急急忙忙挂上电话， 赶去照看孩子和餐具。  "}
{"en":"As if this were not enough to reduce you to tears,  your husband arrives,  unexpectedly bringing three guests to dinner. ^ ","ch":"好像这一切还不足以使你急得掉泪， 你的丈夫接着回来了， 事先没打招呼就带来3个客人吃饭。  "}
{"en":"Things can go wrong on a big scale,  as a number of people recently discovered in Parramatta,  a suburb of Sydney. ^ ","ch":"就像许多人最近在悉尼郊区帕拉马塔所发现的那样， 有时乱子会闹得很大。  "}
{"en":"During the rush hour one evening two cars collided and both drivers began to argue. ^ ","ch":"一天傍晚交通最拥挤时， 一辆汽车撞上前面一辆汽车， 两个司机争吵起来。  "}
{"en":"The woman immediately behind the two cars happened to be a learner. ^ ","ch":"紧跟其后的一辆车上的司机碰巧是个初学者，  "}
{"en":"She suddenly got into a panic and stopped her car. ^ ","ch":"她一惊之下突然把车停了下来。  "}
{"en":"This made the driver following her brake hard. ^ ","ch":"她这一停使得跟在后头的司机也来个急刹车。  "}
{"en":"His wife was sitting beside him holding a large cake. ^ ","ch":"司机妻子正坐在他身边， 手里托着块大蛋糕。  "}
{"en":"As she was thrown forward,  the cake went right through the windscreen and landed on the road. ^ ","ch":"她往前一冲， 蛋糕从挡风玻璃飞了出去掉到马路上。 此时， 一辆卡车正好从后边开到那辆汽车边上，  "}
{"en":"Seeing a cake flying through the air,  a lorry driver who was drawing up alongside the car,  pulled up all of a sudden. ^ ","ch":"司机看见一块蛋糕从天而降， 紧急刹车。  "}
{"en":"The lorry was loaded with empty beer bottles and hundreds of them slid off the back of the vehicle and on to the road. ^ ","ch":"卡车上装着空啤酒瓶。 成百只瓶子顺势从卡车后面滑出车外落在马路上。  "}
{"en":"It took the police nearly an hour to get the traffic on the move again. ^ ","ch":"警察花了将近一个小时才使车辆又开起来。  "}
{"en":"In the meantime,  the lorry driver had to sweep up hundreds of broken bottles. ^ ","ch":"在这段时间里， 卡车司机不得不清扫那几百只破瓶子。  "}
{"en":"Only two stray dogs benefited from all this confusion,  for they greedily devoured what was left of the cake. ^ ","ch":"只有两只野狗从这一片混乱中得到了好处， 它们贪婪地吃掉了剩下的蛋糕。  "}